# Why cats are the best

Exceeding reaction chamber thermal limit. We have begun power-supply calibration. Force fields have been established on all turbo lifts and crawlways. Computer, run a level-two diagnostic on warp-drive systems. Antimatter containment positive. Warp drive within normal parameters. I read an ion trail characteristic of a freighter escape pod. The bomb had a molecular-decay detonator. Detecting some unusual fluctuations in subspace frequencies.

```HTML

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html>
	<head>
		<title>Jip Frijlink</title>
		<!-- Apple stuff. -->
		<meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-status-bar-style" content="black-translucent">
		<meta name="apple-mobile-web-app-capable" content="no">
		<meta name="mobile-web-app-capable" content="no">

		<!-- -->
		<link rel="apple-touch-icon" href="/assets/icon.png">
		<meta name="theme-color" content="#457461">
		<meta charset="utf-8">
				
		<!-- Basic stuff -->
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="/main.css">
		<link rel="icon" href="/assets/icon.png">
		<meta name="description" content="De enige echte persoonlijke website van Jip Frijlink">
		<meta name="keywords" content="Jip, Frijlink, Jip Frijlink, Jip Fr, Fr, Sekolah, BSL, Today for Makerlog, Today, mvlist">
		
		<!-- OpenGraph stuff -->
		<meta name="og:description" content="De enige echte persoonlijke website van Jip Frijlink">
		<meta name="og:title" content="Jip Frijlink">
		<meta name="og:image" content="/assets/icon.png">
		<!-- Viewport -->
		<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1, minimum-scale=1, user-scalable=no, minimal-ui, viewport-fit=cover">
		<!-- Twitter stuff -->
		<meta name="twitter:card" content="summary">
		<meta name="twitter:site" content="@jipfr">
		<meta name="twitter:creator" content="@jipfr">
		<meta name="twitter:title" content="Jip Frijlink">
		<meta name="twitter:description" content="De enige echte persoonlijke website van Jip Frijlink">
		<meta name="twitter:image:src" content="https://jipfr.nl/icon.png">
	</head>
	<body>
		<div class="wrapper">
			{{> header}}
			{{#if showHero}}{{> hero}}{{/if}}
			{{{ body }}}
		</div>
	</body>
</html>
```

It indicates a synchronic distortion in the areas emanating triolic waves. The cerebellum, the cerebral cortex, the brain stem,  the entire nervous system has been depleted of electrochemical energy. Any device like that would produce high levels of triolic waves. These walls have undergone some kind of selective molecular polarization. I haven't determined if our phaser energy can generate a stable field. We could alter the photons with phase discriminators.

Shields up. I recommend we transfer power to phasers and arm the photon torpedoes. Something strange on the detector circuit. The weapons must have disrupted our communicators. You saw something as tasty as meat, but inorganically materialized out of patterns used by our transporters. Captain, the most elementary and valuable statement in science, the beginning of wisdom, is 'I do not know.' All transporters off.

Run a manual sweep of anomalous airborne or electromagnetic readings. Radiation levels in our atmosphere have increased by 3,000 percent. Electromagnetic and subspace wave fronts approaching synchronization. What is the strength of the ship's deflector shields at maximum output? The wormhole's size and short period would make this a local phenomenon. Do you have sufficient data to compile a holographic simulation?

I have reset the sensors to scan for frequencies outside the usual range. By emitting harmonic vibrations to shatter the lattices. We will monitor and adjust the frequency of the resonators. He has this ability of instantly interpreting and extrapolating any verbal communication he hears. It may be due to the envelope over the structure, causing hydrogen-carbon helix patterns throughout. I'm comparing the molecular integrity of that bubble against our phasers.

Unidentified vessel travelling at sub warp speed, bearing 235.7. Fluctuations in energy readings from it, Captain. All transporters off. A strange set-up, but I'd say the graviton generator is depolarized. The dark colourings of the scrapes are the leavings of natural rubber, a type of non-conductive sole used by researchers experimenting with electricity. The molecules must have been partly de-phased by the anyon beam.

Now what are the possibilities of warp drive? Cmdr Riker's nervous system has been invaded by an unknown microorganism. The organisms fuse to the nerve, intertwining at the molecular level. That's why the transporter's biofilters couldn't extract it. The vertex waves show a K-complex corresponding to an REM state. The engineering section's critical. Destruction is imminent. Their robes contain ultritium, highly explosive, virtually undetectable by your transporter.


